Green Drop Health LLC is an alternative holistic health advisor mainly focusing on the responsible use of cannabis and fungi for wellness. 
        At Green Drop we believe that in the current hectic ecosystem of modern society, the average folk has a hard time finding the time or resources that lead to a healthy lifestyle. Cooking, cleaning, working out, exercising the mind, and working for money while sleeping well may seem too overwhelming for most people to do consistently. However, even though we are not doctors, we are wellness advocates through science and what mother nature puts in front of us to use for our advantage.
        Ultimately, if we give up harmful substances such as high doses of caffeine for productivity, and alcohol for recreation and instead consume harmless moderate doses of non-psychotropic plant-derived phytocannabinoids such as cannabigerol (CBG) for focus and microdosing of fungi-derived mycocannabinoids for a recreational psychedelic experience, we will undeniably achieve happiness through wellness.
        For starters we will regulate our sleep cycles, thus feeling rested. The endocannabinoid system, a massive biological system within all vertebrates also takes care of regulating our nervous system, more specifically the amygdala and the hypothalamus, thus reducing stress and anxiety, hence less brain fog and more determination to be productive. Not to mention the endocrine system, balancing the healthy production of hormones. Such as ghrelin, the hormone responsible for hunger. Regulating our appetite, with less anxiety, reducing our cravings for synthetic compounds and unhealthy foods.
         Hormones, and more specifically, dopamine is the core source of motivation, for that reason, we believe in getting out of our comfort zones, breaking the stigmas revolving around the medicinal plant of cannabis and the most abundant species in the world; the kingdom of fungi.

Follow us in our mission of normalizing wellness for everybody in the decentralized world of cannabis & fungi. Read our informational articles and follow us on Twitter so you can grow your own cannabis, your own mushrooms that have the potential to feed us, heal us, free us and save our world from climate change. Twitter: @GreenDropHealth